capital = 522

set_stability = 0.8
set_war_support = 0.3
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	
	basic_train = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1

	fleet_in_being = 1
}

recruit_character = AST_john_curtin
recruit_character = AST_eric_campbell
recruit_character = AST_richard_dixon
recruit_character = AST_earle_page
recruit_character = AST_rod_hull
recruit_character = AST_leslie_morshead
recruit_character = AST_thomas_blamey
recruit_character = AST_henry_wynter
recruit_character = AST_alan_vasey
recruit_character = AST_horace_robertson
recruit_character = AST_john_northcott
recruit_character = AST_harold_farncomb
recruit_character = AST_victor_crutchley
recruit_character = AST_clive_caldwell
recruit_character = AST_sydney_rowell
recruit_character = AST_richard_williams
recruit_character = AST_ragnar_colvin
recruit_character = AST_norman_makin
recruit_character = AST_james_fairbairn
recruit_character = AST_john_collins
recruit_character = AST_arthur_allen
recruit_character = AST_vernon_sturdee
recruit_character = AST_jack_crace
recruit_character = AST_cederic_hicks
recruit_character = AST_charles_burnett
recruit_character = AST_edmund_herring
recruit_character = AST_arthur_drakeford
recruit_character = AST_john_lavarack
recruit_character = AST_robert_g_menzies
recruit_character = AST_ben_chifley
recruit_character = AST_frank_forde
recruit_character = AST_alexander_hore_ruthven
recruit_character = AST_jack_beasley
recruit_character = AST_lance_sharkey
recruit_character = AST_herbert_v_evatt
recruit_character = AST_generic_fascist_demagogue
recruit_character = AST_arthur_calwell


set_convoys = 20

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 60
	fascism = 30
	communism = 8
	neutrality = 2
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Scomo's Evil Twin"
	desc = ""
	picture = "Rosalind.dds"
	ideology = liberalism 
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 60
		fascism = 30
		communism = 8
		neutrality = 2
	}
}
